1. 	
	Exiled returned to their homeland. Nie ważą się powrócić do lądu bogów poświęconego demonom za grzechy ludzkości
	Tutorial 1v1 po 1 systemie bez tarcz

2.  	
	Aliens returned and everything was true etc
	Tutorial 2v2 tarcze na wrogu

3. 	
	We burn them they bad, destroy their base (1 immovable enemy)
	Tutorial heat weapons + caiting

4. 
	We need to destroy them before their transports excape. 
	We got trapped in timespace cage like in every fight we do to them.
	Shields Rush 8 turns defending enemy
5. 
	their 3v3
6. 
	1v2
7. 	
	Andura dołącza do poszukiwań artefaktu. Zniszcz 2v2 w określonym czasu
	1v3 jeden z nich ma higher range lower speed reszta low range high speed
8.
	
9.
10.


When you have ascended the citadel [of Megara], which even at the present day is called Karia (Caria)
 from Kar (Car), son of Phoroneus, you see a temple of Dionysos Nyktelios (Nyctelius, Nocturnal), 
a sanctuary built to Aphrodite Epistrophia (She who turns men to love), an oracle called that of Nyx (Night)
 and a temple of Zeus Konios (Cronius, Dusty) without a roof.


O Nox . . . Ever shall this house throughout the circling periods of the year hold thee high in 
honour and in worship; black bulls of chosen beauty shall pay thee sacrifice [black animals were 
sacrificed to the chthonic gods], O goddess! 
And Vulcanus' [Hephaistos'] fire shall eat the lustral entrails, where-o'er the new milk streams


Apocalypse:
The father will not agree with his children, nor the
children with their father, nor guest with his host,
nor comrade with comrade; nor will brother be dear
to brother as aforetime. Men will dishonour their parents
as they grow quickly old, and will carp at them,
chiding them with bitter words, hard-hearted they,
not knowing the fear of the gods. They will not repay
their aged parents the cost of their nurture,
for might shall be their right: and one man will sack
another's city. There will be no favour for the man
who keeps his oath or for the just or for the good;
but rather men will praise the evil-doer and his
violent dealing. Strength will be right and
reverence will cease to be; and the wicked will hurt
the worthy man, speaking false words against him,
and will swear an oath upon them. Envy, foul-mouthed,
delighting in evil, with scowling face, will go along with
wretched men one and all. And then Aidos and Nemesis,
with their sweet forms wrapped in white robes,
will go from the wide-pathed earth and forsake
mankind to join the company of the deathless gods:
and bitter sorrows will be left for mortal men,
and there will be no help against evil.”
 (Hesiod, Works and Days, trans. Hugh G. Evelyn-White).